docs: improve documentation (#1000)
orange-cloudavenue/terraform-provider-cloudavenue: docs/data-sources/elb_pool.md

- `default_port` (Number) DefaultPort defines destination server port used by the traffic sent to the member.
- `description` (String) The name of the pool.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the pool.

> - `health` (Attributes) Health check member servers health. It can be monitored by using one or more health monitors. Active monitors generate synthetic traffic and mark a server up or down based on the response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `health` (Attributes) Checking the health status of member servers. It can be monitored by using one or more health monitors. Active monitors generate synthetic traffic and mark a server up or down based on the response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health))
```
